Changelog for Azure.Core 1.22.0 (#26168)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/core/Azure.Core/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 1.22.0 (2022-01-11)

### Features Added

- Added `AddPolicies` method to `RequestContext`.  This allows policies to be added to the pipeline when calling protocol methods.
- Added `IsError` property to `Response`.  This will indicate whether the message's `ResponseClassifier` considers the response to be an error.
- Added `RequestFailedException` constructor that takes a `Response`.

> - Added types `AzureLocation`, `ResourceIdentifier`, and `ResourceType`.

Author: @m-nash let me know if you'd like more detail here.

# Release History

## 1.22.0 (2022-01-11)

### Features Added

- Added `AddPolicies` method to `RequestContext`.  This allows policies to be added to the pipeline when calling protocol methods.
- Added `IsError` property to `Response`.  This will indicate whether the message's `ResponseClassifier` considers the response to be an error.
- Added `RequestFailedException` constructor that takes a `Response`.
- Added types `AzureLocation`, `ResourceIdentifier`, and `ResourceType`.

> - Added `HttpPipelineTransportOptions` type.  This type contains a `ServerCertificateCustomValidationCallback` property that allows callers to set a `Func<ServerCertificateCustomValidationArgs, bool>` delegate.  If set, the delegate will be called when validating the server side TLS certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `HttpPipelineTransportOptions` type.  This type contains a `ServerCertificateCustomValidationCallback` property that allows callers to set a `Func<ServerCertificateCustomValidationArgs, bool>` delegate.  If set, the delegate will be called to validate the server side TLS certificate.
```

# Release History

## 1.22.0 (2022-01-11)

> ### Features Added

Reviewer 2: Can we mention new ResourceIdentifier, ResouceType, Location types?
